Jason always wanted to work in his hair
he was unemployed for five years before
he finally landed his dream job he loves
him especially when he's working with
his favorite animals Hamish and joy the
tape is since I used to work on the
bouncy castle and all that and money was
sure then I was out of work for a long
time five maybe six years and now got
this lovely job but these lovely animals
rather I have one of these than a dog
get rid of the wife and the kids and
have one of these when he was the new
boy Jason came in for a lot of leg
pulling but now there's someone else to
make fun of I'm not the new boy anymore
I've got Nicky there's a new trainee
keeper she follows me about now but
she's allowed to look after the animals
was well on her own yeah but she's a
great left you know I mean first 20
years younger
Nicky arrived from stoke-on-trent four
months ago she may be new to zoo keeping
but academically she's right at the
cutting edge with a degree in genetics
and a master's in wildlife management
yeah I'm fairly qualified for the job
ready but I'm just really loving it so I
just wanted a job that I was gonna enjoy
and I've got it basically you know and
it's it's not overly stressful and I
just sort of enjoy coming to work so I
mean couldn't really ask for much more
at the minute and Jason's enjoying
having someone to order a round he's
very particular Jason is so he's very
fussy when he comes back off his day off
if everything's not 100% isn't it off a
so not happy he's a tyrant
life or a trainee keeper is buried there
speeding
making friends fetching and carrying and
of course plenty of fresh air come down
to the English Riviera thinking it's
gonna be boring she has to handle
everything from baby animals to
mechanical monsters it's going so well